# Induction-program
# Arshpreet singh ME branch 
# Day 1 ( 30 JULY 2025 )
## The day started with the japji sahib path in which all the students and all the teaching and non teaching staff are present .The shape of the gurdwara sahib in GNDEC is made like a ship.It feels like we all present in Jahaz of Waheguru The sabad kirtan was so relaxing that it removes all other thoughts from our mind. The air is filled with spirituality . It feels like we all taking blessings from waheguru. After that we were taken to the auditorium outside the auditorium we received our welcome kit. It was a very nice thought by college. After entering the auditorium our induction has started where the students of all the branches were present. S Maheshinder Singh Grewal is a trustee of the Nankana Sahib Education Trust, which oversees Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College (GNDEC) Ludhiana. He is also an Indianpolitician and has served as Additional Secretary of the trust. Additionally, he is a member ofvarious administrative committees within the trust. He delivered the speech on his past experiences in the auditorium to all of us. we learned so much from them.After this the principal Dr. Sehijpal Singh gave a welcome speech. After this we were given a tour of the college. At the end it was very beautiful and joyfull day.

# Day 2 ( 1 August 2025 )
## The day started with seeking the blessings of the guru in the gurudwara of the campus.Today we were having lectures by the experts (Dr. Priya Darshni Madam,Dr. Arvind Dhingrasir) in the auditorium. They told us about exploring our aspirations and concerns,basichuman aspiration and its fulfilment and played games to test mental ability. (Dr. Priya Darshni ) mam also tell us about how we have find that we happy or its excitement they also give us make a chart on copy After break we had our maths and english proficiency tests.

# Day 3
## The day started with seeking the blessings of the guru in the gurudwara of thecampus.Today in the auditorium we came to know about how many clubs are there in the campus,about fests and competitions.we also came to know about the causmic club,who are the members,recruitment forms of club and we also know that the causmic club is the official club of ME branch.after that we were guided by the seniors how to use github,how to make readfile the also they help all students who are having problems in using github and we also taught by causmic club to github daily report file for the induction program it under the guidance of Dr Randhir singh and Dr. Harpreet Kaur.then we were given lecture on universal human values by the expert Dr. priya Darshni madam.she got us familiar with some important values also told us about basic human aspirations,what is wrong and right. she also tell how to identify of we are truly happy or it is just excitement we learn many human values and morals from them .after this we got a break .after the break we had our lecture in mechanical seminar hall with prof.Jaswant singh.he has a very friendly behaviour.we had some general talks and then finished the lecture this was a another best day of my life in GNDEC college.This day was so eye opening and inspiring.
